feat: add flag to disable list-like structure in DocArray (#730)
docarray/docarray: docs/advanced/document-store/index.md

da[0, 'text'] = 'hello'
```

### Performance Issue caused by List-like structure
DocArray allows list-like behavior by adding list_like structure to storage backends. Such feature(adding list_like structure) means the database stores, 
along with documents, meta information about document order.
However, list_like behavior is not useful in indexers where concurrent usage is possible and users do not need information about document location. 
Besides, updating list_like operation comes with a cost.
You can disable list_like behavior in the config as follows
```python
from docarray import DocumentArray

da = DocumentArray(storage='annlite', config={'n_dim': 2, 'list_like': False})
```

When list_like is disabled, all the list-like operations will not be allowed and raise errors.
like this:
```python
from docarray import DocumentArray, Document
import numpy as np

def docs():
    d1 = Document(embedding=np.array([10, 0]))
    d2 = Document(embedding=np.array([0, 10]))
    d3 = Document(embedding=np.array([-10, -10]))
    yield d1, d2, d3

da = DocumentArray(docs, storage='annlite', config={'n_dim': 2, 'list_like': False})
da[0]  # This will raise an error.
```

> **Hint**

Reviewer: we need to follow the guidelines here: https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#documentation-guidelines
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15269265/200849910-5a37a652-bb25-4fc1-bc1a-ceb03e9a6893.png)

da[0, 'text'] = 'hello'
```

> ### Offset2id is slow

Reviewer 2: I do not like tbis title, simply put Disable List-Like behavior or something like that. Or improve performance

> DocArray allows list-like behavior by adding offset2id structure to storage backends. Such feature(adding offset2id structure) means the database stores, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
DocArray allows list-like behavior by adding offset2id structure to storage backends. This feature (adding offset2id structure) means the database stores, 
```

> along with documents, meta information about document order.

Reviewer 3: This needs to be reworded, but I'm not sure how because the sentence beginning with "This means…" is unclear to me. It seems like there's a verb missing, perhaps. Can you clarify the meaning of that sentence?

Author: Updated the document here.

However, offset2id is not useful in indexers where concurrent usage is possible and users do not need information about document location. 

> Besides, updating offset2id is not efficient.

Reviewer 2: No, you should say it is something that comes at a cost

You can disable offset2id in the config as follows
```python
from docarray import DocumentArray

da = DocumentArray(storage='annlite', config={'n_dim': 2, 'enable_offset2id': False})
```

> When offset2id is disabled, all the list-like operations will not be allowed and raise errors.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When offset2id is disabled, all the list-like operations will be disallowed, and will raise errors.
```
